Shen Shu's lung cancer was caused by poisoning
What poisoning?
Yes, Dad.
Have you ever been poisoned?
Mr. Shen is so violent
The ability below
It can only be delayed but not solved.
I have lived 10 more years
No regrets from now on
What can you do?
We have to find out what poison is in it first
Then you should check it quickly.
Too long
I must drink the sparkling blood
You can only find out if you are also poisoned.
No way!
It's too dangerous
I'm not afraid of danger
It's just that I still have one important thing to do.
Can't take the risk
Uncle Shen, please go through it first.
Is there anything else?
Make a condition
What kind of condition?
How can I help my dad test the medicine?
Help my dad get better